c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ClearScript.V8\ClearScriptV8-32.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ClearScript.V8\ClearScriptV8-64.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ClearScript.V8\v8-ia32.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ClearScript.V8\v8-x64.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\VotingApp.dll.config
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\VotingApp.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\VotingApp.pdb
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ClearScript.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\JSPool.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\React.Core.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\React.Web.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\VroomJs.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\JSPool.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\React.Core.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\React.Web.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\React.Web.Mvc4.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.resources.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\obj\Debug\VotingApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\obj\Debug\VotingApp.dll
c:\users\dpeterson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VotingApp\VotingApp\obj\Debug\VotingApp.pdb
